
This application was primarily designed as a way for users to plan and track their upcoming events into one, consolidated, location. It receives input from the user and stores their events in a database from which a list of events is displayed on the home screen of the application with the most current event at the top of the screen, and the furthest away, from the current date, at the bottom of the screen. A user is able to edit and or delete an event by simply clicking on it within the list. A user will receive a notification at or around the upcoming date of an event as a reminder. The user also is required to register an account with a unique username and password, which are also stored in a separate SQLite database, in order to access the application.
  
  
There were a variety of screens implemented to focus the UI towards provoking a positive, and easy to use, experience for the user. Some of the screens included are: a login and registration screen, an event calendar screen, a view event screen, an edit event screen, a delete event screen, and a notifications settings screen. The layout of each screen is nearly identical which provides a homogenous flow throughout the application and provides a straightforward layout for the user to follow from one screen to another. I also made sure to keep relatively similar color schemes for each screen so as to also promote this consistency in design. 

The application's database features and how they are incorporated into the final functionality are the most successful aspects of this program. They are an integral part of facilitating the login and registration as well as event tracking and CRUD functions within the application.
